I'm not polite to you either.
Linger Linger
Why so fierce
Brother Cangfeng, I was clearly angry with you just now
Why do you still call me fierce?
Okay, let's pack up
Let's leave the hospital
You are weak now and need to cultivate
Can't be discharged from the hospital?
Your dad still has a lot to deal with
Besides, you take care of me
Where am I not practicing?
Hey, Brother Cangfeng
What do you think my dad did?
Why did Long Xiaoyun target him so much?
You ask him
Nothing, just some business disputes
Really, don't lie to me.
I Am Him
I can only lie to you.
Because the more you know
Poke him in danger
Mr. Li is not good
Master Li Shao is not good
Silly Qiao was seen off by Brother Gu Cheng. What happened?
Say it quickly, when Brother Gucheng traded
Sold by an undercover agent
She was almost captured by Long Xiaoyun's Jinbei
Silly Joe wants to take advantage of the chaos to kill Gu Chengxiong
And he missed him.
The undercover agent next to Brother Gu Cheng
Is it a storage style?
No.
His kid also blocked a shot for Brother Gu Cheng
This old thing is real
Hey, Mr. Li, don't worry.
I have a great idea.
Not only can you take the life of Gu Chengxiong
He can also sell his property
Including his daughter, packed it up and took it away.